I hope you all had fun with that,
does anyone have a code pin they wanna
share to see could you manage to get
the styling done without any classes?
If you do go ahead and
drop it in that window here and
I will go through what I have done.
So I was so excited to find out
there was a Trex and a gecko emoji.
So I threw those in here in my code bin
they're right there inside of my h1 and
I think that those were the major
additions that I have here.
What I did do was I put the hours as its
own little thing here on the side and
I put it next to about the cafe.
And so
to make that happen I had to put a div, so
put a div around after main but
before article, and
that would include then the article
about the cafe, all of that information.
And it includes the section
here that I have for hours and
potentially that could also be an aside
that might be a better choice of
item because these are all
next to each other.
I think I just laid this out with
Flexbox if I remember correctly,
well maybe I didn't.
>> Read grid section just above there, so
>> Yeah.
>> Grid template columns.
>> Grid.
>> Yeah, there it is.
Yeah, so I did it with grid.
Yeah, thank you.
So, the article is slightly bigger
than this hours over here on the side.
And then, down here in the menu, so,
what the menu being sort of
the main attraction of all this.
I've got some stuff going on here
that's similar to that trick
that I just showed you with
the unordered list and columns here,
I'm doing it with dt, so if there
is at least a fourth, nth of type.
Which would mean that
let's find that HTML here.
So we're looking for the fourth dt,
so here in this definition list
that's inside of the article.
Here's one, and then here's two,
here's three, and here's four.
So once you get to that, then I want
you to make two columns for me.
And went ahead and did that and
assign them accordingly like this.
If you're wondering about how I separated
the title of the menu item from the price,
the way I wound up doing that,
right here is the big salad on line 70.
So I use span tags around these,
okay, so that's all inside of the dt,
but I put span tags around,
in this case, big salad and $12.
And then you can use the article dt
becomes displaying as Flexbox, right?
And put all the space in between that
which sends those two elements to either
side here.
And then you can assign the the other
various kinds of styling to this and
then put a border bottom on
the whole thing to sort of visually
connect the name of
the item with the price.
So that's that little line
that goes underneath of that.
So that's how I made that cute
little trick there happen,
I think everything else more or
less is pretty straightforward in
terms of the styling that was sort
of the big trick that I did there.
If anybody has any questions or
want me to talk through any of the CSS
that's here on the page, let me know.
Okay, Ben has got some styles
here to show us, thank you, Ben.
He copied and
pasted a few things from earlier, [LAUGH].
Setting the bar low, so
he liked the menu that we made earlier for
the navbar so he stole that styling there.
He just hasn't taking out the bullets and
making it go horizontal yet
so they sort of overlap each other but
he's got at least part of it there.
He's got the hours here
next to each other, right?
All the hours are next to each other, and
he did a different formatting here for
his menu, I think this is great.
So here, we've got the Kaji burger
$15 with the description next to it,
that's totally awesome.
What a wonderful way to go about
formatting your menu down in a list
like that.
He could then add to this the concept
of those columns right, put those
two things side by side using the hash
selector that we talked about earlier,
that would be a fun thing to do.
And you could probably use the hash
selector conditionally there also to
say it's the last one on the column.
Maybe there's some way that we could write
some CSS to do that if it's the last one
on the column not have the border there.
I'd have to give that one some thought but
that might be something that you might
think about seeing if you could do that.
Yeah, the only disadvantage here
is this little snag right here, so
we have the chocolate cake is $8.
We have a description and then we
have the with the ice cream is $12,
I don't know I guess I've seen menus
formatted this way before that's okay.
If you wanted it show up over here
you'd have to do something a little bit
different in order to
make make that happen.
So didn't quite get through all of it but
I think you've got the great bones there
nicely done you concentrated on layout
problems and so I think that's awesome,
good job